CCG remove traditional clients feature #18879 (the rest) (#2628)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/system-types.adoc

Clients are categorized by system type.
Every client can have both a base system type, and an add-on system type assigned.

> Base system types include ``Salt`` for Salt clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Base system type is ``Salt`` for all clients.
```
